David Deutsch's worldview provides a
kind of protection it's rather like a
martial art but not just any it is the
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu of ways of looking
out at reality or better yet it's mixed
martial arts it's the deepest and
broadest combining the best of all it
contains the foundations and it contains
the most recent and up-to-date knowledge
that has encountered reality it has gone
out there and entered the battles it
makes sense because it works it is also
infinitely creative there is no end to
exploring the space and it provides you
with true intellectual self-defense you
can be given an idea a move and you know
what logically it takes to go from that
idea to elsewhere the view of
epistemology constrains everything but
at the same time it requires that the
known laws of physics constrain the
epistemology what can be known